nobody bitch mom is here and I'm
starting a new series called channel
classics that basically brings back all
of my old inventions that I'm doing
videos about them again because a lot of
people thought they're awesome myself
included and I'm sure a lot more people
would want to see what they're actually
are so here we are inside the register
on factory there's a big clock tower up
there I can activate if you want to i'll
be putting on this map for download so
just don't worry about it and in this
first episode we are going to cover till
simple doors as i think the first
episode should be too confusing though
your outdoor testing room made door it
opens up really cool and let's see slap
this down and we open it it does like
quite awesome when it does open you're
on over here it's like a treasure room
you hide all your stuff in it and the up
then you can escape and run away it's
not relatively easy to make you want to
go into more detail about just down on
the map i'll probably will have in the
description sometime soon and you
probably should know how to make these
by now its pistols having around a
little bit if you want to make them an
open up cool like that just tell us map
and I don't know it would take a little
while explain it and I didn't make this
a long time ago so I'm not even sure if
I could kick explain to most of his
potential so let's go over here cool
little door device you might not even
think like you can get through this
without breaking anything we're gonna
sit up damn it's good to go get down and
it's also good to go you can't get
through it nope Annette doesn't really
do anything though sit up varies dang
simple but it would say so myself I'm
not really sure why you'd want this
other than having an alternative to a
door if you want your house to stand out
in your server something like that
massive like I think there's like a
sheep attack outside of something but
yep that's basically all there is this
episode I'll go ahead and walk through
some of the circuitry just so you guys
gonna have another idea what's going on
that's real lava don't worry about that
as you see I do have a lot of stuff
labeled over here so I can see what's
going on also another door circuitry and
another door device which is that thing
we saw it on there
nope yup just go big do on here by the
Pistons and I basically have repeaters
this time differently than all the other
repeaters and that's basically I do it
is stagger out the repeaters different
delays and that's really all you need to
do and just combine that knowledge the
knowledge making piston doors and you
should be good to go now make sure you
like this video and favorites hopefully
if you like it as I would like to my
channel up his former status and for
those who don't know I probably will say
this an update video before I even
upload this one but I just been
sponsored by Empire paintball it doesn't
mean I get stuff for free I still have
to pay for it but it is a little
discount price so if we'll do some more
paintball stuff or start pulling up some
paintball stuff in my channel and yep
that's basically it watch our next
episode I'll be making an alarm clock or
not making one I was showing off this
alarm clock that actually works up to
the three minutes and 30 seconds mark
and it gives you a little jingle when
it's done so see you guys for now
remember to rate comment and subscribe
and see if oh wait one more thing make
sure you go around you guys have the
ability to go around and post this video
on possibly the minecraft forums or the
yog reverse as some other person has
done the past and up any other minecraft
later sites and yup see you guys later
to you